Disable components per plan (#117)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-01-service-description.md

## Service plans

The supported plans are as follows:

| Plan name | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `azure` | Installs Kyma Runtime on the Azure cluster. |
| `azure_lite` | Installs Kyma Runtime Lite on the Azure cluster. |
| `azure_trial` | Installs Kyma Runtime Trial on the Azure cluster. |
| `gcp` | Installs Kyma Runtime on the GCP cluster. |

> | `gcp_trial` | Installs Kyma Runtime Trial on the GCP cluster. |

Author: nein, kyma lite on GCP is not supported

| Plan name | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `azure` | Installs Kyma Runtime on the Azure cluster. |
| `azure_lite` | Installs Kyma Lite on the Azure cluster. |
| `azure_trial` | Installs Kyma Trial on the Azure cluster. |
| `gcp` | Installs Kyma Runtime on the GCP cluster. |
| `gcp_trial` | Installs Kyma Trial on the GCP cluster. |

## Provisioning parameters

There are two types of configurable provisioning parameters: the ones that are compliant for all providers and provider-specific ones.

### Parameters compliant for all providers

These are the provisioning parameters that you can configure:

| Parameter name | Type | Description | Required | Default value |
|----------------|-------|-------------|:----------:|---------------|
| **name** | string | Specifies the name of the cluster. | Yes | None |
| **nodeCount** | int | Specifies the number of Nodes in a cluster. | No | `3` |
| **components** | array | Defines optional components that are installed in a Kyma Runtime. The possible values are `kiali` and `tracing`. | No | [] |
| **kymaVersion** | string | Provides a Kyma version on demand. | No | None |

### Provider-specific parameters

> These are the provider-specific provisioning parameters that you can configure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the provisioning parameters for Azure that you can configure:
```

    <summary label="plan">
    Azure Trial
    </summary>
    
| Parameter Name | Type | Description | Required | Default value |
| ---------------|-------|-------------|:----------:|---------------|
| **machineType** | string | Specifies the provider-specific virtual machine type. | No | `Standard_D4_v3` |
| **volumeSizeGb** | int | Specifies the size of the root volume. | No | `50` |
| **region** | string | Defines the cluster region. | No | `westeurope` |
| **zones** | string | Defines the list of zones in which the Runtime Provisioner creates the cluster. | No | `["1", "2", "3"]` |
| **autoScalerMin** | int | Specifies the minimum number of virtual machines to create. | No | `3` |
| **autoScalerMax** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines to create. | No | `3` |
| **maxSurge** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines that are created during an update. | No | `1` |
| **maxUnavailable** | int | Specifies the maximum number of VMs that can be unavailable during an update. | No | `1` |
| **providerSpecificConfig.AzureConfig.VnetCidr** | string | Provides configuration variables specific for Azure. | No | `10.250.0.0/19` |
     
  </details>

>   </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  </div>
  
These are the provisioning parameters for GCP that you can configure:
  
```
